Update README.md's IRC channels link (#467)
ipfs/ipfs: README.md

[![](https://cdn.rawgit.com/jbenet/contribute-ipfs-gif/master/img/contribute.gif)](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> The IPFS project is big — with thousands of contributors in our community — and you're invited to join! Check out the [Community section of the IPFS Docs](https://docs.ipfs.io/community/) for all the details on how to get involved, including the official [IPFS forums](https://discuss.ipfs.io), our [IRC channels](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=ipfs), [social media](https://docs.ipfs.io/community/social-media), [meetups and ProtoSchool workshops](https://github.com/ipfs/community#events), and more.

Reviewer: How about

```suggestion
The IPFS project is big — with thousands of contributors in our community — and you're invited to join! Check out the [Community section of the IPFS Docs](https://docs.ipfs.io/community/) for all the details on how to get involved, including the official [IPFS forums](https://discuss.ipfs.io), our [chat channels](https://docs.ipfs.io/community/chat), [social media](https://docs.ipfs.io/community/social-media), [meetups and ProtoSchool workshops](https://github.com/ipfs/community#events), and more.
```

Author: Agree, this looks better. :)
